Shut up
Fengtian Yunyun Emperor Zhao said to learn this Qin Feng's quick thinking
Good at reasoning
The court broke the love of the Zhang family
Merit the court
Special order for Qin Feng to enter the country as a doctor of mechanics
Please don't untie it soon.
Doctor Bloody
There are products in the court
Start laughing
Chen Qingfeng thanked the holy grace
Lord Hu
First time as an official
One thing is unknown
Please also ask Lord Hu to clarify his doubts
Mr. Qin, please speak
Dare to ask Lord Hu to collude with the powerful
frame Shangguan
lynching
What crime
Death penalty, Lord Zhang, please bring this matter to light
It is not enough for such evil officials not to punish severely
Don't worry, Lord Hu is very brave
Just dared to attack this officer
I will make everything here clear to the Lord
Xiaguan's fault
Please give the next official a chance
The villain knows it's wrong
Please give the two adults another chance.
As for you